Terms and Conditions
Welcome to VisitAir!
These terms and conditions outline the rules and regulations for the use of VisitAir.com.
By accessing this website we assume you accept these terms and conditions. Do not continue to use this if you do not agree to take all of the terms and conditions stated on this page.
The following terminology applies to these Terms and Conditions and Privacy Statement: “Client”, “You” and “Your” refers to you, the user on this website and compliant to the site’s terms and conditions. “VisitAir”, “Ourselves”, “We”, “Our” and “Us”, refers to our Company. “Party”, “Parties”, or “Us”, refers to both you and ourselves. All terms refer to the offer, acceptance and consideration of payment necessary to undertake the process of our assistance to the Client in the most appropriate manner for the express purpose of meeting the Client's needs in respect of provision of our stated services, in accordance with and subject to, prevailing law of the US.
Cookies
We employ the use of cookies. By accessing the site you are on, you agreed to use cookies in agreement with VisitAir’s Privacy Policy.
Most interactive websites use cookies to let us retrieve the user's details for each visit. Cookies are used by our website to enable the functionality of certain areas to make it easier for people visiting our website.
License
Unless otherwise stated, VisitAir owns the intellectual property rights for all material on this site. All intellectual property rights are reserved. You may access this from VisitAir.com for your own personal use subjected to restrictions set in these terms and conditions.
You must not:
•	Sell, rent or sub-license material from here
•	Reproduce, duplicate or copy material from here
•	Redistribute content of VisitAir
This Agreement shall begin on the date hereof.
You warrant and represent the following:
Frames
Without prior approval and written permission, you may not create frames around our Webpages that alter in any way the visual presentation or appearance of our Website.
Content Liability
We shall not be hold responsible for any content that appears on VisitAir. You agree to protect and defend us against all claims that is rising here. No link(s) should appear on any Website that may be interpreted as libelous, obscene or criminal, or which infringes, otherwise violates, or advocates the infringement or other violation of, any third party rights.
Reservation of Rights
We reserve the right to request that you remove all links or any particular link to our Website. You approve to immediately remove all links to our Website upon request. We also reserve the right to amen these terms and conditions and it's linking policy at any time. By continuously linking to our Website, you agree to be bound to and follow these linking terms and conditions.
Removal of links from our website
If you find any link on our Website that is offensive for any reason, you are free to contact and inform us any moment. We will consider requests to remove links but we are not obligated to or so or to respond to you directly.
Disclaimer
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we exclude all representations, warranties and conditions relating to our website and the use of this website. Nothing in this disclaimer will:
•	limit or exclude our or your liability for death or personal injury;
•	limit or exclude our or your liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation;
•	limit any of our or your liabilities in any way that is not permitted under applicable law; or
•	exclude any of our or your liabilities that may not be excluded under applicable law.
The limitations and prohibitions of liability set in this Section and elsewhere in this disclaimer: (a) are subject to the preceding paragraph; and (b) govern all liabilities arising under the disclaimer, including liabilities arising in contract, in tort and for breach of statutory duty.
As long as the website and the information and services on the website are provided free of charge, we will not be liable for any loss or damage of any nature.
